[NARRATOR] Our story jumps
backward now to the time
before Souma Kazuya
was summoned to this world.
Until then, Parnam, the capital,
had expanded unabated and
in an unplanned fashion,
its streets zigzagging
and winding chaotically.
Souma re-laid main
roads and rebuilt the city
to make rapid shifts
in logistics possible.
He also built water
and sewage systems
and initiated efforts
to beautify the city.
Furthermore,
he made improvements
to public sanitation
by ordering the construction
of large sedimentation
basins for sewage treatment.
During the project's
excavation phase,
workers discovered
various bones:
the remains of
gargoyles, giants,
and countless other monsters.
The bones of a dragon
were found among them.
However, just as they were
to be transported
to the Royal Academy for study,
they mysteriously
turned up missing.
[SOUMA] Genia, you were
behind that stunt?
I'm terribly sorry about this.
But that happened such
a long time ago.
We would have forgotten
if you hadn't said anything.
Why even bring it up now?
I take all responsibility for
bringing it to your attention.
I was sorting through
some of my papers,
and I found this
note among them.
I felt I had to say something.
[SOUMA] "Dear Lu,
I'm taking the dragon bones.
Handle all the details
for me, will ya?
Thanks, Genia." Ah.
You just found that note?
Took you long enough, Lu.
You're the one who decided
to steal dragon bones
and leave me that dumb note.
I don't wanna hear it!
I didn't steal them.
I took them for research.
That's what the note
was for, you dunce!
Could you save the couple's
squabble till later?
W-W-W-We are not a couple!
So you don't want to
get married anymore?
That was fast.
No, I didn't say that.
I meant that we're not
a couple as of yet.
So, um, what did
you intend to do
with the dragon bones, anyway?
I thought you would never ask!
Now, this one's
name is Mechadra.
It's a mechanical dragon
I cobbled together
from whatever I could find:
monster components,
mystery parts I discovered
in dungeons and whatnot.
All patched onto
the dragon skeleton.
[SOUMA] Monster components
and dungeon mystery parts?
Yikes. I have a bad
feeling about this.
This thing isn't going
to start rampaging, is it?
[GENIA laughs]
It doesn't even move
to begin with,
let alone have the ability
to rampage, Mister King!
[SOUMA]
Huh? It doesn't?
[GENIA]
Of course not.
There's no critical
system relaying orders
to each part to make
them move in concert.
In that case, why did you
make it in the first place?
It's an experiment
to study how the joints
of living things are constructed
and how they work, of course!
Look. See how smoothly
and easily this part moves
with barely any force?
It's enormous, but even
I am able to do it!
Oh, wow, that's amazing.
Impressive, but still.
Genia, what manner
of foul monstrosity
have you created this time?
If the Star Dragon Mountain
Range finds out,
it could cause an
international incident.
Seriously?
[SOUMA] Remind me to
send a letter of apology
to the Star Dragon
Mountain Range.
Maybe we should start
brainstorming a plan
to rebury the bones,
or have someone go
and transport them back there.
Whoa, there, Mister King!
What'd you do to
make that happen?
Souma, you used
your Living Poltergeist
on that thing, didn't you?
Caught me. I was just
a little curious.
I knew it! My calculations
were correct, after all!
Take a look, Lu.
I told ya so!
See how smooth
the movements are?
That was never the
issue with this, Genia!
As for you, Your Majesty,
moving around a mechanical
dragon all willy-nilly
like that could very well
be taken as a threat
to other nations!
He has a point.
How would one
weaponize this thing?
[SOUMA] Does the Mechadra
have any armaments?
Not even I am crazy
enough to deliberately arm
a model made out of dragon
bones and monster parts.
That means there really
isn't any way to use it.
It sucks to have something
that other countries
would be wary of,
but it doesn't have to be
completely useless, does it?
For the time being, we had
better treat the Mechadra
as a top-secret internal matter,
and keep it locked
down till we hear from
the Star Dragon Mountain Range.
[GENIA]
Huh?
Consider yourself lucky you
aren't being thrown in a cell!
Genia Maxwell, we're going
to build you a high-tech
state research lab.
I will be leaving the theme of
your research there up to you.
Mean it, Mister King?
I do, but you're going
to have to provide
ten percent of the funding.
Ten percent, really?
As the patron who has been
funding all her research
up to this point,
I would be humbled and
grateful if you would pay
the whole amount, Your Majesty.
What if I agreed to that?
There's just no telling what
she'd start researching.
[CROWD A] The Poncho
Bridge got demolished!
[CROWD B] Huh?
But it was so convenient
when I had to go shopping!
[CROWD C] Things have
been a lot more austere
since Prince Julius returned.
The Gemstone Broadcasts
have been prohibited, too.
And now food is being
rationed, as well.
I don't have enough
to feed my children.
[CROWD D] I hate to tell you,
but the word on the street
is that even those rations
are about to get reduced.
--[CROWD E] Wha-?
--[CROWD F sighs]
I wish His Majesty Souma
would occupy us again.
[JULIUS] You're telling me
the people are discontent?
Well, that's only
because I've put a stop
to Souma's lax public morals.
A breach in the levee starts
with a single ant hole.
Control the people,
lest they get dangerous ideas.
If they're unhappy,
they can blame Elfrieden
for demanding such
outrageous reparations.
Blaming the state?
Shows how much they know.
[door opens]
What now?
Huddles, Lord of Galua.
That's who you are, isn't it?
Your Highness,
help us, I beg you!
There-- There has
been an uprising!
A what?
As you know, Galua lies on
the outskirts of the country.
We don't have enough
food to feed the people,
and some of them are even
starving to death of late.
Their discontent has erupted
into outright bedlam!
Funny.
As I recall, Lord Huddles,
you refused to put your faith
in the young prince,
and you foolishly chose
to reinforce your troops
on your own instead.
You can sleep in
the bed you made
and defend yourself.
But Your Highness,
the longer the riots go on,
the more likely it is
that discord will spread
to other quarters
of the principality!
Besides, if you make
a show of strength now,
then perhaps, ah...
Hmm.
I shall take lead of
our forces and crush
the rebellion in Galua!
Your Majesty, play with us!
Yeah, Your Majesty!
Pardon, Sire.
I'm happy that you are
entertaining Rou and the others,
but don't you have more
important things to do?
It's all right.
I actually don't have anything
pressing to do at the moment.
Oh, well, in that case,
you two can keep on
playing with His Majesty
to your hearts' content!
Okay!
Careful, now, I am the king.
[CARLA]
This is quite the sight, Master.
Whoa. You are throwing stones
in a glass house, Carla.
You look creepy in that, like
a clown in a business suit.
Yes, I'm aware of that!
I feel self-conscious as it is!
And isn't that skirt really
kind of short on you?
Stop looking at me!
Th-The head chambermaid,
she made me wear this.
Ah, right.
So, this is what
Serina's into, then.
You finish your
chambermaid training yet?
My-- my "training"?
Ugh!
Did I say something bad?
That woman, she whipped me,
like with a real whip.
Hold up, what?
It gets worse.
It was a special whip,
enchanted with
some kind of magic.
It didn't leave a mark on me,
though the lashes burned my skin
like fire!
[SERINA] The whip is love
and love must be accepted.
[SOUMA] Carla's one of the
toughest fighters I know,
so if she's scared of this lady,
then you know it's rough.
--Now, Carla.
--Yes?
I seem to remember asking
you to kindly make up
His Majesty's bed in his office.
But I couldn't possibly
collect the sheets
of a man I actually know.
It's too much!
What are you talking about?
If you are to be a real
chambermaid, then,
when His Majesty and
the princess (bleep),
and their sheets are soiled
(bleep) of their (bleep)--
Okay, kids, let's
go play over here!
[KIDS]
Okay.
I see.
So, did they put down
the uprising, then?
They did.
Rather brutally.
I'd venture to guess Julius
wanted to make an example
of them.
[SOUMA] That's a
misguided show of force.
Cruelty will only serve
to create further unrest
among the people.
Hakuya, what did
the emissary from Van
have to say?
The people's representative
from Van sent this.
"We, the good citizens of Van,
profess our true allegiance
to the Kingdom of Elfrieden,
and request reinforcements"?
Souma, did you know
this would happen?
I will admit,
I anticipated some movement.
But I have no idea
what the people of Van
really want or what
they might do next.
Now, since we have
received a formal request
for aid, yes,
the kingdom will accept it.
Send reinforcements.
Damn it!
To think Van would betray me!
The very city of my birth!
Those filthy ingrates!
Wagging their tails and
begging scraps from Souma
like mangy curs!
My lord, there's news!
The grand nobleman
Lord Cutlass
has turned traitor to the
Amidonian Royal Family.
He's rebelling!
Lord Cutlass?
[SUBORDINATE B] Lord Schadler
took in the people who fled
from Galua, and now
defies our request
for their return.
He is revolting
against Your Highness!
The nobles loyal to Roroa
are banding together
and demanding
Your Highness's abdication!
[SUBORDINATE C]
Lord Schadler?
[SUBORDINATE D]
He's rebelling?
[SUBORDINATE E] The people are
rising up and moving on Galua!
I've lost control?
What's happening?
I see.
So, Julius' forces have
turned against him.
It's simply impossible to put
down rebellions like these,
especially when they
are all occurring at once.
Allegedly, Julius has taken
a small force with him.
Sources say they've
fled to the empire.
So far, everything is going
exactly as we expected.
Might things be going too well?
You mean the
uncoordinated rebellions?
We never counted
on that happening,
and it's mildly
concerning, indeed.
Is it like you said?
That there's some
other will at work?
[NARRATOR] After Julius' exile,
Amidonia was a state
without a leader.
Surrounding nations scrambled
for control of Amidonia:
the Lunarian Orthodox Papal
State to the north,
and the Republic of
Turgis to the south.
Zem, The Mercenary
State to the west,
showed no sign of invading,
attempting instead
to maintain their
perpetual neutrality.
They did, however,
send mercenaries
to the other two countries.
The Lunarian Orthodox
Papal State is home
to the Lunarian Orthodox Church,
which worships the
moon goddess Lunaria.
It is a religious movement
whose pope presides
over both church and state.
In response to the rebellion in
the Principality of Amidonia,
the Lunarian State dispatched
forces along their border
with Amidonia to
defend the adherents
within their nation.
Another fact of note:
the Republic of Turgis
was a bitterly cold nation.
The southern
peninsula in particular
was bound by ice and
snow for most of the year,
and its leaders had
long coveted all nearby,
more temperate territories.
So, the principality found
itself in utter disarray
and vulnerable to invasion.
Fortunately, Turgis'
forces were halted
by the brave fighting of
the aged General Herman
who boasted a century
of experience in war,
and was the lord of Nelva,
a fortified city
in the South.
However, how long
could this peace last?
The Principality of Amidonia,
without its crown prince,
was still in quite a
precarious position.
So, they want the
Kingdom of Elfrieden
to annex the
entirety of Amidonia?
Yes, sire.
General Herman
Neuman requests it,
but it's a joint plea,
from Neuman
and the former
finance minister--
You may remember,
Gatsby Colbert.
I guess it makes sense
from their perspective.
They would all rather
give themselves over
to the kingdom than end up
divided and conquered.
If General Herman,
the one who stopped Turgis
in its tracks, and Colbert,
the former finance minister,
both strongly
support annexation,
then I doubt anybody
would oppose them.
Hakuya, could this be
that "other will" at work?
[HAKUYA]
I can't be certain.
So, what are we going to do?
I was afraid you were
gonna ask me that.
There would be many
foreseeable downsides
in annexing Amidonia.
We might as well look
for the upsides, though.
Population growth,
which, in the long run,
would increase our
strength exponentially.
Furthermore, Amidonia
is rich in material resources.
We could look forward to
a stable supply of those.
Now let's talk
about the downsides.
First, there's the
food shortage crisis.
I thought that things
were going well in Van?
Yes, but that's
one city of many.
When you consider all
of Amidonia as a whole,
it would be a lot to ask of us
when we barely solved
our own food crisis.
It worries me.
That said, it was a hostile
nation just days ago,
so governing it could
prove to be difficult.
Before this, the Union
of Eastern Nations
and Amidonia and the
Republic of Turgis
were the only countries
with whom we'd shared
a boundary.
But now we would have
Zem and the Lunarian
Orthodox Papal State
as neighbors.
And the more countries
we are adjacent to,
the more complicated
our diplomacy becomes.
Also, while I really
wasn't counting on them
in the first place,
if we annex Amidonia,
then we won't be receiving
our war reparations
any longer.
So are you saying we
shouldn't annex them?
I would prefer not to
if I had another option,
but it appears that we have
no choice but to agree to it.
If we refuse, it will
belie our justification
for integrating Van into the
kingdom in the first place:
that we did so at the
request of its people.
We can't very well admit
Van while at the same time
excluding the rest
of the country.
Also, if the people of
the city end up forsaking
their countrymen,
they'd be disenchanted
with the kingdom.
Besides, if we left them
to the invading forces
of the Republic of Turgis
and the Lunarian Orthodox
Papal State, then our
own country would be
overrun with the
refugees, anyway.
True, in that case, it's
better to take them all in
like this than as refugees.
So we can begin
looking after them.
It may be a lot of work,
but in the long run,
I've no doubt it will pay off.
Seriously though, good grief.
It's official, all Amidonia
shall be admitted
into the kingdom.
Be sure all other
nations are aware.
[HAKUYA]
Yes, sire.
The naval forces
under Excel's command
are to be deployed
along the border
with the Republic of Turgis,
where they'll stand ready
to attack at my word.
[NARRATOR] With that,
the territories of Amidonia
were formally annexed into
the Kingdom of Elfrieden,
and the transition
was achieved peacefully,
without incident.
Honorable Gatsby Colbert!
Yes, Sire!
Sir Colbert,
I commend you uniting
the whole of Amidonia.
If not for your efforts,
there'd be further strife,
and the people of Amidonia
would have suffered
a great deal of undue misery.
Your words are too kind,
Your Majesty.
Be that as it may, sire,
there is something that
I must deliver to you.
The Principality of
Amidonia's internal income
and expenditure reports,
and documentation of rights.
During the war, these
were kept hidden away.
So they'd be safe
no matter the outcome.
[SOUMA]
Hang on.
Julius was put in charge of
the principality without those?
I kind of feel sorry
for him now.
That is an incredibly
generous gift.
It will help me govern.
However, you should keep
them in your possession
and hear what
I have to say next.
Former finance minister
of Amidonia, Colbert,
are you willing to serve me?
Yes. Yes, sire.
Then I hereby declare you
finance minister of
the Kingdom of Elfrieden,
and charge you with
maintaining its finances.
A moment, please!
Don't you mean overseeing
Amidonia's finances?
You are finance minister
for the Kingdom of Elfrieden.
[COLBERT] B-But sire,
I am still an Amidonian.
It doesn't matter.
Employing those who
are willing and qualified,
wherever they're from,
is now the Elfrieden way.
Yes, Your Majesty.
Amidonia was less
wealthy as it posed.
Then much of its budget
was funneled to the military.
Yet nevertheless,
you kept the government
from bankruptcy,
which took great skill
and should be commended.
I want people like
you on my side.
Kingdom of Elfrieden
Finance Minister Colbert,
my thanks for these documents.
I remit them to your possession
as tools of your trade.
Take these all with
you and work hard
to rebuild the
lands of Amidonia.
Sire. Thank you.
Your wish is my
command, Majesty.
[HAKUYA]
Herman Neumann!
I commend you for stopping
the Republic of Turgis' army.
Without your valiant deeds,
our relief efforts
would not have made it,
and the situation
would have devolved into chaos.
A warrior vows to
defend his people.
That remains true,
whether there is a ruler or not.
I did nothing more
than what a soldier
is expected to do.
I, too, have a gift that
I would be privileged
to offer Your Majesty.
However, once it has been given,
I do hope that you will
choose not to return it.
The southern region of
Amidonia has a thriving
wool industry and produces
the finest quality wool.
These are bolts
woven from that wool.
I do hope that you
will accept them.
May I take a closer look?
I would truly be honored.
[SOUMA] This feels familiar.
Almost like carpeting.
Carpeting?
A rug, given as a gift.
Hang on a minute.
I am positive I've heard of
a set-up like this before.
So tell me something, Herman.
What is it, sire?
There wouldn't happen
to be a woman hiding,
rolled up somewhere in these
rugs, now, would there?
Seriously?
[ROROA]
Ah, man, no fair!
This was gonna be
the surprise of a lifetime!
You're no fun!
Leaping out, ready
or not, bum-ba-ba-bum!
Hey, I'm Roroa!
So what gave me away, huh?
I was really looking
forward to the look
on your face.
[SOUMA] Oh, a woman in my
world did something similar
once upon a time.
[ROROA] Gah! You mean I
stole someone else's act?
How embarrassing.
[SOUMA]
Hers was a bit different.
She was naked. You weren't.
Whoa, what kind
of woman was this?
A sicko or something?
Maybe, I dunno.
Her beauty was widely
accepted to have changed
the course of history,
but legend has it
her nose was a bit
bigger than yours.
Why would history have
changed because of
the size of some lady's nose?
Is that a euphemism for
her breasts in your world?
Just forget it.
So, may I call you Roroa?
You're Julius' sister, right?
Yes, I am.
I've got both beauty
and brains, by the way.
And I am hands-down
the prettiest girl
in like literally
all of Amidonia!
Oh, and yeah, you can
totally call me Roroa.
But I am the daughter
of the former Amidonian
crown prince, Gaius VIII.
So my full name
is Roroa Amidonia.
Nice to meet you, Roroa,
but what exactly
is your purpose here?
I came here to
marry you, obviously!
Oh, right, marry me, obviously.
Wait, what?!